fighting is my job that's why I do for
living that's what I've been doing since
I'm seven years old every day I'm funny
because I like the science of it or meet
passions it's a sport I'm a martial
artist that's what I love to do GSP is
Georges st. Pierre the current
welterweight champion of the UFC he's a
phenomenal mixed martial artist he's
such an expert in his field and the
chance to work with a guy like George is
this tremendous opportunity
I'm here to make the video game actually
12 the guys help the team give them some
insight of what I think to make it more
authentic make it more real throughout
the development of this game we've been
heavily influenced by MMA Karate Kung Fu
wrestling jujitsu and that in a lot of
ways mirrors George is finding stuff we
took George through the story of the
game the characters the world itself and
then got into the fighting the financing
are so realistic it's like they're real
real thing no like the way the
transition between the striking the
takedown is done it's very fluid
anything that glows rent when you've got
a character grapples is a piece of the
environment that you can use you can use
cherry and that you're opening and join
the net and they're in a fish tank or in
a grinder wanted to get his hands on the
game you know he almost kind of wanted
to take the controls from Mike and play
himself it was like the dark side of
George wanted busts loose me when I
think though I like to be a villain in
lyon in life I'm a good person but when
I play like the most evil person I copy
and then we brought in Liberty Walker
and soda llaman two guys who can key to
the development of our fighting in our
locomotion and the great thing about
these guys meeting George is that soda
and liberty are both fighters themselves
whenever we are trying to implement some
new moves we get up sort of throwing the
punches Nancy how it feels so we would
often work through what worked
mechanically from our martial arts
background trying to keep with more
believable moves so that Liberty are
very committed and what they do they're
very meticulous and there were so so if
you want to bring up on your end like
the the jump kick when you sprinting
towards the enemy and you push the
striking button and there's a junkie
that comes out it's a little bit
problematic for us just visually we
weren't quite happy with it but we
couldn't quite articulate what was wrong
with it so you can see it in slow mo
okay I see the brothers good con seen
yes yes
so at that point you know we we broke we
broke into the mechanics of what was
wrong with that move and how it wasn't
looking correct doesn't feel like you
know I am because he's jumping with the
same leg that he's gonna kick with his
room oh you see jump with a left okay
good enough yes if I would do that move
okay i would i would jump on my right I
ask that Georgians in his element when
he was talking me those guys that's
really when he he got fully engaged what
I like to do is one that guy the guy
cake here up getting into him home with
it and I so wanted to swing like this
back then break the leg he's done
tweaked festoon this make this a little
bit different and will be even closer to
having truly authentic fighting
experience we talked a little bit about
the flying punch it's one of my favorite
move in the fighting but I have no new
version of it and new ways to apply it
you know the one I use with my front end
that everybody knows and I like to
combine it with their liking and I wash
it then I son here you go with that
front and then you finish with it they
take this site and the other one is the
same thing so I faked it up up and I
finish what they kick as well nice it's
like a combination you know you end up
Papa with that kick
and that's a nice so even if you're not
actually making contact right when
you're actually working him back yeah
it's on the defensive you can pin him
down anything but now you're in his
attentions up here yeah and you're in
thinking rage so that's a guaranteed
right exactly that's because because he
doesn't see what is coming you blacken
you black his vision I the Sweden each
watch protect higher than you cut the
leg as when it was the most efficient
Nick Taylor Hall he helped us refine the
flying punch in the animation and then
we implemented in our game I got you
guys had a great job xmas maybe you can
pick up the Contras on trial 2 GS right
now if you want to fight multiple guys I
can do this to do for guys yes any other
that were all you know what do you guys
can you guys give me a little bit more I
think that okay I know that guy I just
out of this one ok wold you want maybe
two more guys and gave him the two more
guys he goes no no no like i want more
how many can you put that on business i
do like their matrix night so he created
a whole bunch of guys and he's like
fighting a massive army of guys just
Adam and he's just working his way
through them George absolutely helped us
take the game too I think just another
level having a guy who really employees
what MMA is today come in and actually
help us tweaked out our fighting which
is really the cornerstone of the
gameplay experience doing more and more
stuff like that is you know crucial for
game development actually getting to
meet the experts in the field and the
people who really live that lifestyle
and understand that lifestyle and the
fact that we actually have stuff in the
game that's representative of him oh my
fire insurance you got a man the main
thing about it the reason why we play
game is to entertain ourselves to have
fun and this game I have to tell you
it's it's a lot of fun
murderous rampage hi everyone many ways
I think he's just as dangerous on the
road as he is in the ring
you